---
notion_url: https://www.notion.so/Interviews-2dc913d3cde145f28071398684b5efe7
sign_up_here: Issue pi#helpsignup in Pi's discord to find out.
last_edited_time: 2021-10-27T20:23:00.0000000
id: 2dc913d3-cde1-45f2-8071-398684b5efe7
object: page
tags:
- Talk
- 2021-10-27
- Bones
- Pi
created_time: 2021-10-21T13:26:00.0000000
parent_type: database_id
indexDate: 2021-10-27
archived: false
hosts:
- Bones
- Pi
meeting_link: https://discord.gg/2wg4zFY
talktime: 2021-10-27T21:00:00.0000000
parent_database_id: e9339446-880f-4ef0-8ad7-8ad1f507dded
software: Discord
name: Interviews
title: Interviews
language_level: No limit
---

We are going to ask you 3 questions, you can come prepared or just wing it! XD
Why did you choose your area of expertise?
What are your interview experiences?
How do you calm your nerves?

   - Demonstrate YOUR contribution to the team and the company
   - Demonstrate your ability to solve problems
   - Demonstrate that you are a good communicator and a team player
   - What are the stuff you have to be aware of?
   - Find out what your company is looking for, what are you seeking in this opportunity?
   - Ask questions, regarding company culture, career goals, salary expectations, personal growth
   - Remember to follow up after the interview, ask how it went, advice, thanking the company, leave an impression...etc
   - Don't be afraid of failures and demonstrate how you overcome them.
   - Finding a good fit is important.
   - Know what you want before going in to it
   - Be on time. Not too early, not late. Be on time!
   - Ask when you're not sure
   - Eye contact, firm hand shakes
   - Know your technical stuff
   - Dress appropriately
   - Do you need a police check, licence, reference check?

Bones and Pi in da evening is going on a break! 

We currently take submission of topics you want to discuss, or host an episode with us.  You are welcome to send us a proposal or approach us as what you want to talk about!  Organize a meeting with us to get started.  KThxBai







